# Actokids

The Actokids mobile application creates an opportunity for children, their families and other caregivers to identify inclusive and accessible activities more easily and efficiently. The app enables children their families and other caregivers to search for information on the go anywhere, anytime. They can view detailed information about activity and program features including location, accessibility, date, time, cost, and registration for the activity. The app also brings together a community of users who can communicate with each other vetting the organizations and activities provided.

Download Guide

Start by downloading react-native and android studio according to this link: https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html Make sure you install the node_modules using npm install in the actokids/actokids directory. Download the appropriate version of postgresql for your computer from https://www.postgresql.org/download/ Make sure to get pgAdmin to run it with(if you want more GUI). Set up a database in there with whatever name you wish, using these instructions. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8200917/postgresql-create-a-new-db-through-pgadmin-ui You may need to create a role for your computer username. Download Android Studio. https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html. Open Android Studio and open the AVD Manager. Run an emulator (by pressing the green play button). You can also download a different “phone” emulator if you want. Open a command line and cd into the folder ActoKidsApp/ActoKids. Run react-native start . Leave that open and open a command line and cd into the folder ActoKidsApp/server/activity-server . Run psql -d “name_of_your_database” -f create_activity_prod_db.sql to populate the database. Then run npm start to start the server. Open up one last command line and cd into ActoKidsApp/ActoKids and run react-native run-android . This should fetch the JavaScripts and run the app.

User Guide

Open the app. If you want to enter a new activity into the database, click “Enter an Activity” Go through and enter the required fields and any other optional fields you would like and then press submit. If there is an error in your data, the app will prompt you to fix it. Fix it according to the prompt and try to submit again. Repeat until the submission goes through. If you want to search for an activity in the database, click “Search for an Activity” A list of activities will show up. If you want to find an activity that matches a specification, click the filter button. Fill out the filter buttons according to your specific desires, then click submit. It will take you back to the search page but this time only with events that match your filters. Scroll through and repeat as you wish.
